[music playing]
[theme music]
[cackle]
[music playing]
So, Becky, is that the
shirt you wore school today?
Yes.
OK.
Would you like
another beer, dearest?
Thank you, my pet.
Can I have a beer?
No.
So, Becky, something
wrong with your food?
Oh, you mean you hid some
food under all this slop?
Hey!
I stuck that in the microwave,
pressed Power, pressed Time,
pressed Start, and this
is the thanks I get.
God, nobody could
eat this crud.
If you don't finish your
crud, you're not going
to get any crap for dessert.
Hey, whoa, it's
your turn to clear.
Oh, of course.
Isn't it always
my turn to clear?
Becky, is there something
you'd like to share with us?
Like what?
Like why you've been acting
like a total snot lately?
Why don't you
just kiss my butt?
Well, haul it on
over here, Jumbo.
DAN: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
No butt-kissing at
the dinner table.
I'm just sick of Mom
treating me like a baby.
Hello.
What were you doing
in my room today?
Cleaning.
Isn't that what
you hired me for?
I hate that room anyway.
It's such a little baby room.
Don't you hate it, Darlene?
Who cares?
As soon as I turn
18, I'm out of here.
Why can't you
back me up for once?
Well, I don't like you, Becky.
Becky, if you don't
like your room, change it.
You know, we got a garage
full of paint out there.
Your Dad'll help you.
She means your real dad.
You can get
started tomorrow, OK?
Fine, whatever.
Oh, no.
Just seeing your smiling
face is thanks enough.
[music playing]
JACKIE: Well, I did it.
I asked that guy out,
like you told me to.
Yeah?
How'd it go?
- We got a date for tomorrow.
- Way to go.
Yeah.
Only now I have to pay.
No way, the guy pays.
Yeah, but I asked him out.
Well, so the rule is
the guy still stays.
Who made up that rule?
Some cheap, hungry woman.
DAN: What do I look
like, Becky, your slave?
BECKY: So I was a little late.
DAN: Two hours!
And it's your room!
You think I'm gonna spend my
day off painting it by myself?
So what are you going to wear?
I think I'll wear
that burgundy pullover.
This whole marriage/family
thing's been a lot of fun,
but I gotta go.
Damn.
I lose more husbands that way.
Just don't start
with me, Mother, OK?
I've had it.
Oh!
Cover me.
God, it's his problem he's
having this stupid hemorrhage.
I mean, I was just
going to come down
here, get something to eat, then
go up and paint my stupid room.
Oh, no.
Stay down here and fill our
lives with joy and mirth.
Hey, I know what you ought
to wear on that date--
your red blouse with
your black skirt.
That skirt is so short.
I know, but you
have great legs.
And you should wear
your hair down,
too, you know, cause
it'll hide your neck.
What's the matter
with my neck?
ROSEANNE: And make sure
that you order dessert.
Because I was reading in "Cosmo"
where it says that, you know,
a healthy appetite is
considered to be sexy nowadays.
I was so far ahead of my time.
DJ: (YELLING) Mom!
What?
DJ: (YELLING) My head's
stuck in the drawer!
Not again.
God, doesn't she
drive you crazy?
Well, she wants me to be
happy, and she cares about me,
and yeah, she drives me crazy.
Well, I'm sick of it.
I mean, she hates
everything I do,
my friends, the clothes I
wear, the guys I go out with.
Me, too.
Yeah, but at least
you get a break.
I mean, you can just come
here, do your laundry,
and then go home.
Well, you'll survive, Beck.
Look, she's been doing the
same thing to me for 20 years,
and I'm basically
a happy person.
Not saying I don't wake up
screaming every now and again.
ROSEANNE: Now don't
do that again.
And go wash that salad
oil off your head.
DJ: OK.
[laughter]
How does he get his
head stuck in a drawer?
[laughter]
[sigh]
He's gifted, Jackie.
So what color's
this room going to be?
Let's just paint big
black bars on the walls.
I mean, it feels
like a jail cell.
Might as well look like one.
Come on, Becky.
I don't care, Darlene.
Well, then why
are we doing this?
Hey, you don't want to
do this, you don't have to.
You know, one
minute you say you
want to paint the room,
and then the next minute,
you say you don't care.
What is going on
with you, Becky?
All right.
Do you remember Mark?
From down the street?
No, that guy I went out with.
Oh, yeah, the stupid one?
He's not stupid.
He's gorgeous.
I mean, you just wish you
could meet a guy like that.
Yeah, well, if I wait a couple
years, he'll be in my grade.
Well, I'm going
out with him tonight.
Don't you remember
what Mom and Dad said?
Yeah, so they don't
want me to see him again.
So what?
So I'm 16 years old.
I don't have to listen
everything she says.
So if they find out, they're
going to ground you forever.
Well, they're not
going to find out.
Because officially, I'll be at
the basketball game with you.
Why should I lie for you?
Because you're good at it.
I don't know.
Come on, Darlene.
Sisters do this for each other.
I can't believe this guy
is so important to you.
Oh, please.
I'll owe you.
I'll owe you big.
I guess.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, yeah.
[music playing]
Come on, Becky.
Where are you?
[dog barks]
What are you doing out there?
DARLENE: Uh, dropped my key.
DAN: Well, come inside.
Hey, Darlene.
Hey.
Great game.
They beat us by like 20
points, but at the end,
we went and tipped their
bus over and set it on fire.
Where's Becky?
Oh, she went out to get
pizza with her friends
after the game.
She should be home in
like an hour or so.
Hey, genius.
How long were you
at the pizza place
before you remembered
that I had all your money?
Uh, not long.
How was the game, Beck?
It was OK.
Who won?
I-- I just told you.
I just want to
hear it from her.
Well, she doesn't know,
because she was in the bathroom
the whole time,
bleaching her upper lip.
So, Becky, who'd
you come home with?
I hitched a ride with
a serial killer, OK?
Who'd she come home with?
What difference does it make?
We want to know.
God, you're beginning
to sound like Mom.
DAN: Hold it.
If I found that really
insulting, would it bother you?
Come on, Becky, we
asked you a question.
Where were you?
- Pizza.
Quiet.
I'm not talking to you.
Well?
Well, you really want to know?
Fine, I was with Mark.
- Becky!
You lied to me!
This better not be
the Mark I think it is.
Oh, yes, it's the evil Mark
with the fake ID, the one
you don't want me
to go out with.
The one you're not allowed
to go out with, Becky.
Oh, is that so, Roseanne?
DAN: Hey!
Her name is Mother.
And you're grounded
till the end of school.
How's that?
That is so lame.
What are you doing
to do, tie me up?
You know, I've had just
about enough of this.
You are way over
the line this time.
Get upstairs.
No!
What do you mean, no?
Oh, you're right.
I don't mean no.
I mean goodbye.
[slams door]
[music playing]
[knock]
You don't have, like, a
jealous wife or anything,
do you?
No, none of my
wives are jealous.
[laughs]
Oh, I'll be right back.
Who is it?
BECKY: It's me.
Becky?
I can't take it anymore.
Yes, you can.
Bye.
I can't deal with her.
She'll just never understand me.
Becky, how about
I come over tomorrow
and we'll talk about it then?
- Oh, no, no, I got--
I gotta move in with you.
I've made up my mind.
Becky, this is
not a good time.
Oh, my god, you guys were
just about to, like, do it.
I'm-- I'm really sorry.
I'll just be out in the hall.
Holler when you're done!
Maybe I should go.
No, you sit right there.
Becky, come in here.
Go home.
I can't.
I mean, she doesn't care
what I want or if I'm happy.
She never listens to me.
I mean, all she wants
to do is run my life.
Becky, please go home.
Please, please, please, please.
That's it, Becky.
Roseanne, please,
please, please, Go home,
please, please, please, please.
Oh, I can't believe it.
She followed me.
Now do you know what
I'm talking about?
Well, what did you expect?
Did you think I was just
going let you walk out?
Please, please,
please, please, please.
I'll tell you what.
I'll just go home.
No, stay.
Can't you see Jackie's busy?
You're being very rude.
I don't care if she is busy.
See?
It's just like you said.
She just drives you crazy!
Like you said?
Well, we were
talking about dating.
And--
And what, like you're
some expert on dating?
After all the losers
you go out with?
Bye-bye.
I'll call you.
I'm so sorry.
Well, I hope you're both happy.
That loser had potential.
Becky, you're coming home.
No!
I'm staying here with
someone who understands me.
I have nothing
more to say to you.
I'll be in the other room.
There is no other room, Becky.
Then I'll be in the bathroom.
Becky!
[slams door]
She's all yours.
She can't stay here.
You should've thought
about that before you
opened your big mouth.
But I always open my
big mouth and nothing
like this ever happened.
Bye, Jackie.
Bye, Becky.
You can't be serious.
Congratulations, it's a girl!
[door closes]
[music playing]
Would you look
at all this stuff?
I thought our kids were
supposed to be deprived.
Well, we tried.
Where were you?
Getting a drink.
God.
Well, here, take
this trash out.
No.
No?
Yeah, no.
I mean, this is my room, and
this is the way I want it now.
Wrong.
This is my room.
Because it's in my
house, on my lot.
Those are my chairs.
Those are my desks.
That's my Hello Kitty.
There's my Easy-Bake Oven.
So you take my trash
downstairs to my garbage cans
and throw it out, now!
Jeez.
Right attitude,
wrong daughter.
What's wrong?
Becky's stuff.
Oh, are you gonna get
all weepy on me now?
No, I'm not.
Well, come on, let's
get it over with.
(TEARFULLY) AC/DC,
"Highway to Hell."
I miss her, Dan.
I miss her, too.
You know, we can always
call her and tell
her we want her to come home.
No, she's got to come
home because she wants to.
When's that gonna happen?
I don't know.
Guess we'll wait a
couple more days.
She'll figure it out.
Trust me.
I've lived with Jackie.
We're better.
- Hey.
What are you doing?
Becky's laundry.
How things going over there?
Good.
You and Becky getting along?
Yeah, I'm enjoying
having her there.
We gave each other a facial
and went down to the mall
to scam guys.
Last night we made
prank phone calls.
Crystal's still wondering how
Nancy Reagan got her number.
Yeah, is she going to school?
She doing her homework?
She getting in on time?
She's fine, Dan.
She's really been
a big help, too.
She's making the bed,
doing the dishes.
Oh, well, that is
just great, Jackie.
Well, Roseanne, come
on, not that big a help.
Nothing that a maid couldn't do.
No, no, I'm happy she's
having such a good time.
That way she never
has to come home.
Well, what do you want
me to do, kick her out?
What makes you so sure
she'd come back here?
You are encouraging
her to stay.
I am not.
Then how come she's all of
a sudden acting so perfect?
Because I'm not her mother.
No, you're making it like some
great big damn slumber party.
Roseanne.
I want her home.
Well, come get her.
No.
Then quit yelling at me.
No!
I'm leaving!
Steal my daughter and
then leave me her laundry,
like I'm really going to do it.
[door slams]
Oh, sure, take her side.
What do you think?
I won't wait up.
What are you going to do?
Oh, just hang out, I guess.
No Mark tonight?
Look, I just wanted
to be able to see him.
I don't have to see
him every night.
Well, could get kind
of lonely around here.
You sure you don't want me
to drop you off somewhere?
I'm not going home, Jackie.
Can't stay here forever.
I know.
JACKIE: All right.
OK.
Well, I left the number
where I'm going to be,
right here by the phone.
Oh, and Becky, don't call.
[door closes]
[phone ringing]
JACKIE (ON MACHINE): (SULTRILY)
Hello, it's Jacqueline.
I'm all torn up inside
about missing your call.
Ow!
Please leave a message
and I'll call you.
Bye-bye.
[beep]
ROSEANNE (ON MACHINE): Becky?
Becky, come on, pick up.
Becky, are you there?
Becky, pick up the phone.
Becky, come on.
[silence]
[music playing]
[knock]
Who is it?
DARLENE: It's me.
Oh, come on in, Darlene.
Oh my god, you're
doing homework?
So?
You don't even know
how to run away right.
You're pathetic.
What are you
doing here, Darlene?
Well, I came by to tell you
that you're a major butthead,
and this just proves me right.
Goodbye, Darlene.
All right, all
right, all right.
Um, let me just
ask you something.
What did mom do that
was so horrible?
Everything!
She wouldn't let me see Mark--
Well, you saw him anyway.
- Well, I had to lie about it.
- You didn't lie.
I lied.
I covered for you
and I got grounded,
and you don't even care!
Well, I am sorry,
Darlene, all right?
No, you're getting
off way too easy, Becky.
Go home, Darlene.
Look, Jackie is
putting up with you.
Mom and Dad are impossible.
Mom and Jackie are fighting.
Everybody is yelling
at everybody else,
and nobody's saying what
they should be saying.
Becky, you're a
selfish, inconsiderate,
spoiled little brat!
[slams door]
[rewinding tape]
[beep]
ROSEANNE (ON MACHINE): Becky?
Becky, come on, pick up.
Becky, are you there?
Becky, pick up the phone.
OK.
Listen, um, your dad wanted
you know he misses you
and he wants you to come home.
And he thinks you guys can
work out all your problems
if you'd come back.
OK, well, that's all.
[beep]
It's me again.
Your dad also wanted me to tell
you that, like, he loves you.
[click]
[beep]
OK, and, um, me too.
[click]
[music playing]
No more push-up pops?
Well, have a fudgie bar.
Not the same.
Hey, guess what?
I stayed awake in
history class today.
DAN: Attagirl.
Whose turn is it
to do the dishes?
Becky's.
Thanks, Darlene.
Hey.
Yo, Jack.
Is it OK if I use the washer?
Sure, go ahead.
This war, this vendetta,
this Sicilian thing must end.
All right.
Hey.
Hi, I've just got
a couple of loads,
and I'll get out of here.
No rush.
[sigh]
So, you seeing that guy again?
Jonathan?
Yeah, I saw him last night.
Mm.
What'd you wear?
Jeans and my red blouse.
Mm.
We went bowling.
Oh.
That's a good choice.
How are things back here?
Well, she's grounded
for two weeks.
We're upped the
curfew a half hour.
Allowance stays the same.
What about Mark?
No No, absolutely not.
We would not budge on that.
We forbade her to
ever see him again,
so you should wear your
blue dress to the wedding.
Mother, are we going to be the
last people in the free world
to get a dishwasher?
Jeez!
Oh, and I forgot.
She's calling me Mother.
[music playing]
[phone ringing]
Just let it ring.
JACKIE (ON MACHINE):
(SULTRILY) Hi, this is Jackie.
Leave a message.
Bye.
[beep]
ROSEANNE (ON MACHINE): Jackie?
Jackie, pick up.
Jackie?
OK.
Listen, I was just
reading in "Cosmo," there
these great new exercises.
It's like you look up at the
ceiling and you chew, see.
And you do it for, like,
five minutes every day,
and it'll fix up that
scary deal you got
going in the back of your neck.
[music playing]